Top 10 IT Companies in Pakistan
1. Systems Limited
2. NETSOL Technologies
3. United Sol
4. Arpatech
5. TRG Pakistan
6. 10Pearls
7. Ovex Technologies
8. Cubix
9. VentureDive
10. Folio3
Our Recent Blogs
United Sol Announces Participation in Editions.dev 2024
Celebrating United Sol’s Triumph Presence at Collision Conference 2024
United Sol Drops the Anchor for Collision Conference 2024
United Sol Announces Participation in Editions.dev 2024
Celebrating United Sol’s Triumph Presence at Collision Conference 2024
United Sol Drops the Anchor for Collision Conference 2024
United Sol
Services
About
Sister Companies
Products
Post published by :
List of Top IT Companies in Pakistan

The IT industry has exploded during the past decade. It has employed millions of people around the world and become an important contributor to a country’s economy. Businesses, entertainment, education, and nearly everything have gone digital. IT has changed the way people live and do business. It has affected all aspects of society and the economy.

Pakistan is no exception and has very well embraced digital transformation. Its IT sector is one of the fastest-growing sectors contributing about 1% to the country’s GDP which is expected to double in the next 3-4 years. According to the Ministry of Information Technology and Telecommunication, Pakistan’s IT exports reached $1.70 billion in 2021. The country has been ranked 4th in freelancing and the total number of IT companies has increased to over 2000.

We have done the research and compiled a comprehensive list of the top IT companies in Pakistan. The list does not depict competition among them as every IT Company is uplifting the digital ecosystem of Pakistan with cutting-edge technology, innovation, and solutions development.

Systems Limited is Pakistan’s global technology powerhouse that holds the distinction of being the country’s first-ever software services company. Since 1977, Systems Limited has stayed at the leading edge of innovation to deliver the promise of digital technology to a wide array of industry verticals both locally and internationally. The company’s key strategic partnerships with the world’s leading technology providers allow it to deliver unmatched technological capabilities that enable enterprises to drive and sustain long-term growth.

Systems Limited is a  global team with a 5000+ workforce and operational in 5 continents, including the USA, UK, UAE, Canada, Germany, Singapore, Australia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt. With a long list of awards and achievements, including two back-to-back Forbes Asia Best Under A Billion accolades, Systems Limited has established itself as a true leader in technological innovation and Pakistan’s most decorated IT organization. The company won the first-ever LCCI President’s IT Award, making it the largest IT exporter in the country, earning a place among the global top 1% of Microsoft Technology Partners in their 2020/2021 Business Applications Inner Circle, and became Pakistan’s first IT company to reach Rs. 100 billion in market capitalization.

NETSOL Technologies is the leader in providing innovative IT solutions to the global asset finance and leasing industry. Their products enable automobile, equipment, and big-ticket finance companies to run their retail and wholesale business operations with ease. They help big companies to enhance their finance and leasing operations.

Founded in 1996 by Salim Ghauri, NETSOL now has over 2000 employees and offices in California, London, Sydney, Beijing, Shanghai, Bangkok, Jakarta, and Lahore. Most of the company’s employees are from Pakistan.

NETSOL was listed on NASDAQ in 1999 and is also listed on the Pakistan Stock Exchange.

The company has many awards to its name including but not limited to excellence award for highest export for the year 2004 in Pakistan, Teradata National IT excellence award, an excellence award for IT pioneer of the year.

An award-winning company, United Sol is considered the pioneer in eCommerce development in Pakistan. Founded in 2005 with only 3 employees, the company has proved its mettle and launched multiple projects. United Sol is the largest Magento eCommerce developer in Pakistan. It also ranks #5 in WooCommerce development.

United Sol has over 250 powerful Magento extensions, over 100 PrestaShop modules, and 70+ WooCommerce plugins to its credit. They do custom development in Magento, PrestaShop, WooCommerce, Shopify, and OpenCart. Some of its clients include popular brands such as Hyundai, PitStopArabia, Wallan, Gulf Central, etc.

Apart from eCommerce development, the company offers other services including website design &amp; development, digital marketing, and SEO training.

United Sol has its office in Islamabad with over 100 employees.

An ISO-certified company, Arpatech started in 2003 and now houses over 250 employees. The company has offices in Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad apart from offshore offices in the USA, UK, and UAE.

Arpatch provides a variety of IT services including website development, App development, E-Commerce store development, digital marketing, managed cloud hosting, and business intelligence. The company is also quite active in supporting local startups.

Arpatech boasts its highly skilled and experienced staff and the quality projects they have successfully delivered over the years. Their customers include some popular brands such as J. Junaid Jamshed, UMSHA, Daraz, Forum, etc.

The Resource Group Pakistan, known as TRG Pakistan, is a leading BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) service provider. Founded in 2002 by Zia Chishti, the company has over 300 employees in its headquarters in Karachi. TRG Pakistan is a publicly listed IT company in Pakistan.

The company is owned by TRG International which is headquartered in Washington DC.

TRG makes investments and acquisitions in the business process outsourcing sector. It has a strong portfolio and has acquired more than 24 companies in the last decade. Ibex, one of the BPO companies in which TRG International has a 64.2% stake, generates about 86% of the revenue for TRG International. The company has a presence in 7 countries and employs over 22,000 people worldwide.

10Pearls is another top IT company in Pakistan that partners with businesses to design and develop digital products for them and accelerate their growth. The company serves in many industries including healthcare, education, real estate, technology, finance, and transportation. Their core competencies are cybersecurity, data analysis, product development, and UX/UI design.

What distinguishes 10Pearls from other IT companies is that they have labs for R&amp;D and regularly organize workshops, training sessions, and webinars to enhance the skills of their employees.

10Pearls was founded in 2004 by brothers Imran &amp; Zeeshan Aftab. In less than 2 decades, it has grown immensely and now has offices in DC, London, Toronto, Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad. Their clients include PayPal, Coca-Cola, IRS, and AARP.

Ovex Technologies can certainly be placed on the list of top IT companies in Pakistan as it is the largest BPO solutions provider in Pakistan. Started in 2009 primarily as an outsourcing company, Ovex Tech now offers software solutions and data management services too. Whether it’s HR outsourcing, IT outsourcing, accounting outsourcing, or contact center, Ovex Technologies provides all.

Ovex Technologies (Pvt) Ltd. was declared as “Best BPO in Pakistan” by PASHA (Pakistan Software Houses Association) in 2010 and also won the PSEB IT award.

The company has offices in Islamabad and Lahore with more than 700 highly skilled employees. Their clients are based in the USA.

Headquartered in Karachi, Cubix is amongst the best IT companies in Pakistan offering mobile app development, game development, blockchain development, web development, MVP development, and data services.

The company started in 2008 with 7 employees and has now expanded to over 200 employees. They have a global clientele that includes Walmart, Suzuki, Michaels, PayPal, and more.

Since its inception in 2012, VentureDive has successfully delivered 700+ projects capitalizing on its 350+ skilled professionals. The company has quickly emerged as one of the leading software houses in Pakistan. Their services include custom software development, MVP development, and web development for B2C and B2B.

VentureDive has developed a delivery management software that provides pharmacy, grocery, food, and flower businesses an online delivery solution.

VentureDive has served in many industries. Brands such as Careem and Ronald Berger and digital projects such as Digital Pakistan, Vital Pakistan, Droobi, and Tez Financial Services have chosen VentureDive for their development and maintenance needs.

The company has offices in Lahore and Karachi.

Folio3 defines itself as a software development partner for fortune 500s, enterprises, and startups. The company offers mobile development, eCommerce development, digital marketing, and lots of other IT-related services. In 15 years, they have expanded beyond borders and have offices in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and UAE. In Pakistan, they have two offices in Karachi and one in Lahore.

If you are interested in their clients, they have a lot. Some big names they have served include Oracle, Sisco, Honda, Jaguar, Standard Chartered, and many many more.

OnTrack

Smiley

ⓒ Copyright 2024 United Sol (pvt.) Ltd. All rights reserved. | privacy policy | legal notices

About Us

Training

Blog

Portfolio

Request a Quote

Contact

Branding

Web

Magento

WordPress

Prestashop

Shopify

Digital Marketing

SEO

SaaS Development

Staff Augmentation

FME Extensions

FME Modules

FME Addons

Extendons

Smiley

OnTrack

Privacy Policy

Legal Notices

ⓒ Copyright 2024 Unitedsol. All rights reserved

United Sol was formed in line with the vision to provide functional, affordable, and scalable solutions for all kinds of business sectors.